Every six months, the Watchtower Bible School of Gillian holds a graduation ceremony at the
Educational Center in Patterson, New York.
The attendance at this spiritually upbuilding program was 9,694.
Guests from 59 countries were among those present for this special occasion.
As chairman of the program, I shared remarks encouraging all to consider things that
are lovable based on Philippians chapter 4, verse 8.
Next, a talk entitled acquire knowledge but do not become excessively wise, was delivered
by Harold Corcoran, a member of the United States Branch Committee.
But notice what Jehovah says to us at Proverbs 12, 23.
A shrewd man, a wise man, is covering knowledge, but the heart of the stupid ones is the one
that cause outpolicious.
Now on one hand, he's given you all this knowledge and you're ready to share it, then
he says, cover it.
In what respect?
Well, it doesn't mean that you would hide it all the time, but you would exercise restraint.
You would be discreet in the display of the knowledge and understanding that you have
gained.
Guy Pearce, a member of the governing body, developed the subject, do not forget the practices
of God.
Your conduct will be influenced for good as you go to your various assignments after
the school.
If you put into practice all the things you've learned as best you can here.
This has to do with our manners, how we treat others, how we view them as superior
to us.
Examples in love, obviously it's important to love your brothers and to demonstrate that
love by how you deal with them, how you treat them, how you build them up and encourage
them.
In examples in faith, this should be seen in your conviction, should be seen in the way
you give talks, the way you lead your life, your personal study, your ministry.
What we have done is what we ought to have done, was the theme of a talk delivered by the
overseer of the Theocratic schools department, William Samuelson.
A faithful slave would not put off serving the master to tend to his own comforts, to
his own interests, Moses, Jonah, Barrick.
Undoubtedly they had reasons for their reluctance in accepting the assignment.
But in the final analysis, they did what they ought to do.
Samuelson, assistant overseer of the Theocratic schools department, encouraged the students
with the subject, remembered Jehovah's assurance when facing challenges.
In verse 5, Paul quotes Deuteronomy 31 and verse 8, and also Joshua 1.5, and he makes
this statement, let your manner of life be free from the love of money while you're content
with the present things, for he has said, and here's the quote, brings it right out of
the Hebrew scriptures, I will by no means leave you, nor by any means forsake you.
That expression by no means is the strongest expression you can possibly make in the Greek
language.
Gilead training also includes time spent in the field ministry with local congregations
of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Under the theme, and all the earth, their sound went out, the students related to Mark
Numer, one of the school's instructors, several exciting field service experiences,
re-enacting some of them.
Next on the program was Gene Smalley, a helper to the writing committee, who interviewed
two graduating couples.
They sincerely expressed how their Gilead training would be of value to them as they serve
in their missionary assignments.
To round out the fine spiritual program, Garrett Lush, a member of the governing body, spoke
to the students on the theme, endure to the end, and beyond.
Brother Frederick France said once, it's part of a quote, our hope is a sure thing.
It is something worth waiting for, even if it required a million years.
So let us keep eternity in mind and keep enduring until Armageddon and beyond, because, according
to Hebrews 1039, we are not the sort that shriek back, but we are the sort that have
faith for the preserving a life of the soul.
I read warm greetings from friends around the world.
Then, after the students received their diplomas, one of the students read a touching letter
from the graduating class, expressing heartfelt appreciation for the school.
All in attendance, rejoiced with the graduates on their special day.